My goodness.
(Congratulations on your return.)
Thank you.
Ha Ri.
I loved your column.
- Really? - Me too.
I liked it, too.
Thanks, you guys.
Whether it was good or bad, you still need to come with me.
But I just got here. I need to organize some stuff...
Follow me.
I'll convince the readers...
like a true magazine journalist.
"Convince"?
I asked you to write an apology.
Who told you to write a journal?
Do you take this as a joke?
How lightly do you take our readers?
Aren't you scared of me?
He didn't scold me as much as I thought he would.
I'm so relieved.
Drink up. It's on me.
Are you buying because you know I'll get fired tomorrow?
My gosh, I forgot my ID for the job search site.
My resignation letter will act as your weapon.
I understand why the company is so angry.
But I will have to start over once I have a career break.
And it's hard to get another job as editor-in-chief.
Plus, I'm too old to study something new and start anew.
So you're just going to quit?
My baby had a febrile seizure.
If it gets worse, it could cause epilepsy.
So I need to be with him.
It's nothing serious.
But I can't even take care of my firstborn either.
I forgot to pack his blanket, so for the past week,
he had to take naps at the daycare center without one.
I felt so sorry that I got angry at myself.
So I'm going to quit.
But this is too sudden.
That way, they won't be able to fire you.
You're the only person...
who's been working here for 15 years.
No one in the company has shown more loyalty or affection than you have.
What's so wrong about not having a baby?
I guess having a baby could help gain credibility,
but I can't even take care of my own baby properly.
- Ms. Shim. - I'm going to quit...
after I make sure you become the editor-in-chief.
And this is solely out of my personal interest.
I may have been mean to you,
but you were the only one who truly understood me.
I want you to become the editor-in-chief.
Drink up.
The treatment didn't work last time.
Would you still like to give it another try?
What if you meet someone you love?
So you've never once wanted to be a dad?
No, never.
Who knew you'd make my heart ache like this?
Stop it.
Jae Young, stop it already!
- Hey! - Wait.
Let go! Stop it!
Mr. Han!
What are you doing?
You don't seem that happy to see me.
It looks like you want to be alone. I'll just leave.
Don't go.
Let's chat.
What did you do today?
Life felt like a math problem, so I was trying to solve it.
I want to get the right answer, but it's quite hard.
That's deep.
Did I ask you a philosophical question?
"I slacked off after I finished my work."
"Then I came for a walk in the park and suddenly thought of you."
I was expecting something more like that.
Wait. Why would you think of me?
I know, right?
Why would I suddenly think of you?
You could've thought of me.
We ran into each other often here, and we're neighbors.
You might wonder what I'm doing and when I might...
come out for a walk.
You seemed a bit weird.
Normally, people pretend to be fine even though they're hurt.
They hide their scars...
and try their best to look okay.
But every time I'm with you,
I suddenly feel embarrassed...
for trying to act so tough.
You were so shocked that you asked a guy to marry you...
even though you didn't like him that much.
But on top of that,
you even confessed that to the world.
You're so brave, Ms. Jang.
I'm saying this because I'm drunk.
Ms. Jang.
Good job.
I'll do this...
instead of giving you a stamp.
I feel so much better thanks to you.
Thank you...
for acknowledging me.
Mom.
I Sang.
Go home safely.
You should've called before you came.
No, it's okay. I know you're busy.
I left the fermented flounder in the security office.
But who is she?
Hello.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
She's just a colleague. Let's go home.
I'm not really interested in seeing your place.
Let me go. Let go.
What's your name?
My name is Jang Ha Ri.
"Ha Ri"?
You're beautiful, and so is your name.
Thank you.
You should go.
- Let me help you get home. - What?
Just wait a second.
You two must be coming back from somewhere.
Anyway, don't worry.
I never step foot inside his house,
so come by to have fun whenever you like.
Ma'am, we're not...
You have the wrong idea about us.
You should get going. Gosh, I'm sorry.
- Mother... - Good job, I Sang.
- Mom, please. - Good job!
- Don't be like this. - Wait.
- Hold on. - Mom, please.
- Please head home. - I like him, ma'am.
- What? - That's right.
I like Mr. Han.
My gosh.
Do you really?
So please don't worry.
Right, my gosh.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Here's my cab.
- I'll see you around. - Good night, ma'am.
I Sang, take care!
- What? - Have you had dinner?
Of course. Do you know what time it is?
- Did you have tripe? - Why tripe?
They never serve just one portion.
I already had dinner.
It's why I'm telling you to eat tripe.
Wash up and go to bed.
I quit eating tripe.
Did I do something wrong?
Why is everything so easy with you?
Your mother seemed worried, so...
How can you love someone depending on what you see?
We're not kids anymore...
We know better now...
than to begin a relationship neither of us can handle.
Why is everything so complicated?
Because I know how it'll end.
You...
want kids.
I don't.
You'll end up getting hurt...
and I won't be responsible for that.
Mr. Han,
my feelings are for me to handle.
I guess I got carried away and made a mistake.
From now on, please watch your actions...
so that I don't get the wrong idea.
What a pathetic pity party.
And you said you wouldn't eat.
You should've suggested alcohol.
But I'm not going to have any.
How can you eat tripe without soju?
I don't want to get drunk.
Whoever it is...
shouldn't make you pity yourself.
What guy?
Sure, whatever.
I can't believe...
I read so much into it.
It?
I solidified my life's goal with how it didn't need to involve men,
but the incident made my mind go fuzzy.
Are you perhaps talking about a kiss?
I lost my judgment...
because it hadn't happened in a while.
Did you sleep with him?
What nonsense are you spewing?
- And lower your voice. - My gosh.
As long as it didn't happen.
Unbelievable.
Your world can spin...
at a single touch or gaze...
even when you're almost 40.
You're better off living alone.
Why would you fall for a guy who doesn't make a move?
Forget about him already.
It would've been different if he were 20.
He wouldn't be this hesitant if he were still 30.
Just like I'm running out of time,
he must have his reasons for pushing me away.
Why are you trying to understand him?
Who cares about what he's going through?
You said you were out of time.
I'm a doctor, so why didn't you tell me about your condition?
I didn't know that pediatricians dealt with infertility too.
We can all consult on medical matters.
Unbelievable.
So what is it that you want?
You said you didn't have the time to date and get married...
nor have you been happy because of a guy.
Is it still romance you want though?
It hurts to finally let go, you know.
Anyway, I would've given anything to be 20 today.
Then I would've clung onto him as if there's no tomorrow.
(Episode 7: The Realistic Distance that Doesn't Cause a Heartbreak)
The background can be out of focus.
How can I do that when there's no background?
Is this a joke?
Can't you manage this vibe with that item we have?
You could if you're a good photographer.
At least bring me some decent props first.
Also, it's not up to you to decide whether I'm good or not.
You have a way of making things complicated, don't you?
Why can't you just do as you're asked?
Ms. Choi,
Let's not cross the line, okay?
Belittling someone else doesn't make you suddenly competent.
Mr. Han.
Please shoot the photo that Ms. Choi asked for.
From planning the article, deciding on the photos,
and choosing the props were all done by Ms. Choi.
We'll evaluate the photos once we see them.
A second photoshoot will only waste our time.
Who are you to waste the time and effort...
of the photographer and his crew?
That also...
is up to the journalist in charge.
- Organize them like so. - Sure thing.
What...
Unbelievable.
I took your side so that you can take responsibility.
You know that this is your fault.
I couldn't let him have the upper hand though...
especially when he's an outside hire.
Just because he was once a hotshot photographer...
doesn't mean that he can undermine me.
Do you consider me as your superior?
The photographer and designer...
are your partners, not your subordinates.
I guess I should apologize.
I didn't want to seem patronizing, so I didn't teach you properly.
Who would be fond of being told what to do?
I figured you'd watch and learn, but that was wrong of me.
I don't intend to work here for very long.
I know that you search for other jobs every day.
Is that why you're slacking off?
No way!
I've been trying to do my best.
Instead of trying to do well,
actually do well.
If you don't take pride in your work, work is just torture.
I'm going to scold you from now on.
I won't say it's good enough anymore.
I'll hound you until you produce something better.
So that wherever you go, you'll be respected for what you learned here.
Put together a portfolio...
that you can show proudly before you quit.
Let's take a break.
I chose the picture of the infertile couple.
The kids must have learned from me because I was disrespectful to you.
I'm sorry for making them mistreat you.
Okay.
I hope...
you won't...
be hurt because of...
me.
I guess I got carried away and made a mistake.
From now on, please watch your actions...
so that I don't get the wrong idea.
I...
broke up with my long-term girlfriend...
after we were engaged.
I gave up on the idea of marriage since then,
and there are no kids in my future.
I didn't want to like anyone again,
but I got swept away.
My motives were unclear.
It's natural that you were misled.
So I was mistaken.
I thought hard about it,
but I still like being alone.
I had decided to live alone many years ago...
and set my path in life accordingly.
I'm sorry...
for confusing you.
I accept your apology.
You didn't want to like anyone, right? Me too.
It was brief, but it was too complicated and uncomfortable.
- Let's not be awkward. - Okay.
Let's not.
It's so pretty.
(Children's toothpaste Expiration Date Nov. 1, 2020)
Are they all like that?
What's wrong with them?
Have you never received a barter before?
These expire in six months.
They dumped leftover inventory on us. What will you do about it?
He's new at this. Cut him some slack.
I was talking to you.
Okay.
Choi Hyo Joo.
Didn't you tell Advertising to check expiration dates?
Well. So, I...
meant to tell him...
I heard but forgot.
I'm sorry.
We can't distribute these as gifts to the readers.
Get a new batch.
How can we send these back?
It was so hard to get...
Just say it with words.
Don't say it with your eyes.
Take care of it and get a new batch.
Okay.
Got that?
Yes, sir.
Have a nice day.
I meant to tell you,
but I forgot because I was stunned by the counterfeit slippers.
I see.
Anyway, were you helping me?
I didn't want you to get scolded.
You were scolded already earlier. I thought you'd get angry...
if you got scolded again.
Why do you keep getting scolded, anyway?
I get scolded because I'm new.
I did not get scolded!
I guess you're just an angry person.
But you know,
I tried to only say hello since that's what you said to do,
but you keep talking to me.
Are you arguing with me because I started a conversation?
No, no. I prefer talking to you...
over just saying hi.
Shall we talk for a while next time too?
I'll go now. Wish me luck.
He just told me he likes me, didn't he?
Talk about lame.
What's with that smile? It's very annoying.
What do you want?
I just want to eat with you.
Why would you come all the way here to buy me lunch?
I don't want to eat alone, that's why.
Let's go.
You look like someone hitting on a girl.
Just follow me!
Here.
I have no money. I have no time. I can't do anything.
I just wanted to eat with you. That's why I came.
Stop glaring at me. Let's enjoy our food.
I thought about this, considering our 39-year-long friendship.
You're terminally ill. You could die any day.
Then there's no reason why I can't help you out.
I'll marry you.
Think about it for 5... No, 1 minute.
Sure. It tastes good.
Can you at least pretend to think about it?
Honey, is dinner almost ready?
Did you wash my socks?
- Socks? - And I need my shirt ironed...
nice and stiff for tomorrow.
I'm going to soak in the tub after dinner,
so draw a bath for me. I want the water at 39.5 degrees.
I'm a bit sensitive.
You're killing my appetite.
Just hire a housekeeper.
Why do you hate the idea that much?
- Is it that bad? - Obviously, it isn't good.
I appreciate the concern, but why are you risking our friendship?
What's gotten into you lately?
Am I that pitiful?
Lately, I've been...
I'm just lonely.
Do you have andropause?
Do you feel lonely, dejected, and suddenly find yourself in tears?
No, it's more like puberty.
My feelings are all over the place these days.
So you should...
look at me once in a while and make sure I stay on track.
I am looking at you. Eat up.
Make sure you chew. You don't want to get sick.
You can wait here.
I don't know when Mr. Park will come.
I'm sure he'll come before he gets fired.
Right.
(Resignation Letter: Shim Jung Hwa, The Baby Editing Department)
(I can no longer work here because I need to focus on childcare.)
I never told you to quit.
I only suggested you take a break.
It was pretty much the same thing as telling me to quit.
And it's time that I quit anyway.
I need to leave in order for the others to get promoted.
I can't ask you to stay because your baby is sick.
Then can you at least work until we hire someone new?
No, I'm going to hand over all my work to Ms. Jang...
and quit right away.
Just because you quit...
doesn't mean Ms. Jang will become the editor-in-chief.
She'll just be the acting editor-in-chief.
I also care...
about Ms. Jang.
But the chairman is very angry with her,
so she won't be able to take your place.
So just keep working here until we find...
someone to replace you.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Hey, Seung Tae.
Either be a loyal dog to the chairman...
or be a good boss who takes good care of his subordinates.
If you want to do both, then be good at it.
Have a good day.
Hey, you're here.
Why didn't you go home?
I spent the entire day at Cheonwang.
But I didn't get to meet Mr. Park.
I didn't do much today, so I thought I'd get some work done.
You just waited there all day?
Did Mr. Kim tell you to do that?
It's my job, so I should be the one to take care of it.
Ms. Jang.
I learned a lot from your column.
There was nothing to learn from it.
I learned that I should make sure to keep my private life private.
And I realized that I need to act more bravely.
I'm too young to judge you.
But I do think you're incredible.
In what way?
To be honest, I don't even know what I want.
So I'm still very lost.
But on the other hand, you know exactly...
what you want, and that's how you live your life.
To some people, it might seem unusual.
And some people might be scared to take action like you.
So I think you're amazing.
Eu Ddeum, you understand me?
Yes, what you want isn't illegal.
- Goodbye. - See you.
Bye.
(Advertising Department, Choi Kang Eu Ddeum)
It's due tomorrow.
- Ms. Choi, look. - What?
Don't I look exactly like Chow Yun-fat?
What? Whom?
She must not know him.
By the way, is Eu Ddeum not here yet?
He went straight to Cheonwang.
Mr. Park, the team leader, is really petty.
If he's at a disadvantage,
he never answers our calls or agrees to meet us.
You sent Eu Ddeum to a place like that?
Why? Was I not supposed to send him there?
He won't be able to do anything. He'll just get kicked out.
Chow Yun-fat, my foot.
What's wrong with her?
- Hey, Ms. Choi. - Are you going to stay there?
I should wait. It's my job.
Don't bother. Just come back.
What's the matter?
I need you to help me with some stuff.
I'm piled with stuff to do.
Anyway, there's tons of work, so just get over here.
Who was that? Was it Eu Ddeum?
Yes, he's still at Cheonwang.
He's so naive. They're never going to meet him,
but he's just waiting there.
Why would he send Eu Ddeum to a place like that?
Don't you think this is a bit too much?
Yeon Ho, do we have the proposal for Cheonwang's company magazine?
Just a second.
Do you have a meeting here?
We're scheduled to have a meeting here at 11am.
No, you can use this place.
I'll go.
Sorry. Bye.
Ms. Park sent us the proposal.
There weren't any problems with it.
Where...
Eu Ddeum.
What? Ms. Jang, what are you doing here?
The problem is right there.
Do you expect your subcontractors to do everything you ask...
and get punished like this?
No, he wasn't there getting punished.
When you're a new recruit, you get intimidated by your boss,
you chew over your mistakes, and you punish yourself...
by wondering if you should just write a resignation letter.
He's already having a hard time as it is.
So the least you can do is to treat him with respect.
I'm sorry.
I should've been more considerate, but I was just so busy.
Okay.
Sir, you're giving us work because you trust us.
Our company believes that we have a good relationship with Cheonwang.
And I hope to continue that relationship with you guys.
- I'll call Mr. Park for you. - Thank you.
Sir, just a second.
Hello, I'm Jang Ha Ri from The Baby.
I'm here regarding the toothpaste.
It seems like you're busy, so I'll just talk to the director.
If not, I'll just talk to the chairman.
Look at how successful you've become.
Mr. Han!
Mr. Han?
- It's so nice to meet you. - I know.
Does she have to say hello to him like that?
- You made a lot of money. - Yes, a bit.
- Have you been well? - Of course.
I can't believe he's fine enough to smile.
He couldn't even kiss me, but he seems fine with hugging her.
I'm so nervous about making a comeback.
I don't know if it's because you're a mom now,
but you have a softer impression than before.
- Really? - Yes.
It's way better.
Hey, I didn't see you there.
Gosh, look who it is.
I usually drink...
fresh juice after meals, you see.
This is Ms. Jang Ha Ri...
from the magazine "The Baby". You probably know...
- Kang Hyo Joo. - Right, Ms. Kang.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
Mr. Han and I...
are good colleagues who are comfortable with each other.
I'd love to feature you...
- in our magazine sometime. - Sounds great.
Right. Well, enjoy each other's company.
She's the bubbly type.
Yes, I can tell.
That being said, I was recently offered a photoshoot,
but it's too heavy of a burden.
I've had two kids, so people will say...
that my body isn't what it used to be...
and that I look older now.
- It'll kill me. - Come on.
There's no need to feel pressured.
You were and still are a top celebrity.
It's why...
I want you to take my photos for me.
It'd be my honor to take your photos.
You know how fond of you I am.
Please take my photos for me.
I really want you to.
You've known me for years, so you're aware...
of my best angles and how to show off my figure.
You're pretty no matter which angle the camera shoots you from.
You and Ms. Kang seem close.
I've been taking her photos since she debuted,
so yes.
You must have high standards from working with top celebrities.
Actually, my type is someone who's super pretty,
slightly on the petite side,
and silly in the most hilarious way.
Pretty? Super pretty?
And silly?
There's no need to say everything...
that obviously doesn't describe me.
I get that you don't see me as your type,
but my feelings...
were as brief and light...
as a feather floating away in the wind...
anyway.
See? Even though I'm facing you,
I don't feel anything.
I couldn't be more at ease.
Well, I'm not.
I'm only trying to be comfortable around you...
because I need to be.
It seems like you don't even want to work with me,
so I'll only work with Sang Hee from now on.
It's because I still want to be around you.
(Potential sperm donor no. 3: Han I Sang)
Ms. Jang.
Eu Ddeum, let's make sure...
that the toothpaste is all used in three months.
The deadline on the advertisement page...
was asked to be moved up.
When was that again?
Why are you looking at me like that?
You see, I took some time...
to think long and hard about this.
Your column was enough to make you understand your situation.
I couldn't possibly admire you more...
and I know I'm the one you want.
You can have it.
What?
You became known as Sperm Lady because of it.
It wouldn't have happened had you been eligible for a sperm donor.
Of course, you need sperms to get pregnant.
After seeing you get humiliated,
I couldn't sit by and watch...
when I have all this sperm to offer.
I don't think we need to talk about this anymore.
You're embarrassed, I see.
How about this then? Instead of sperm,
we'll call it "spam" or "swarm".
That's even worse, so let's not talk about it.
Why not? You said you were running out of time.
Still, this doesn't seem right.
But... Ms. Jang?
(Potential sperm donor no. 3: Han I Sang)
It's what I said!
- You're always on my case. - Whatever.
Unbelievable. Ha Ri!
What are you doing here?
- Nothing. - Here's your coffee.
Thanks.
Me? I thought so too.
Was I the only one who didn't know?
No way.
Dr. Yoon.
Yes?
I'll call it a day then.
Sure. You did great today.
A plant came in for you.
(From cardiothoracic surgeon Seo Jeong Won)
It's me.
Where's Do Ah? I'll take her home with me.
I already told daycare that I'd be picking her up late.
I'll close up and head over there.
Seo Jeong Won?
Do Ah's mom?
Auntie, must I pay to have this thrown out?
Why would you throw out something expensive?
I'll still know who sent it even if you take it off.
She sent you this to torture you.
She wants you to think of her.
I should get rid of it...
so that she never does anything like this again.
Just look at her.
Being pretty and smart only made her a sly minx.
Hold on a second. Did Young Ok...
open her store today?
Shouldn't we book a venue for Do Ah's first birthday party?
The Crimton Hotel has a great convention hall.
Let's keep the invitations to about 100 guests.
Are your parents coming in from the US?
Aren't we divorced?
We ended things with me accepting child support.
Is this because you don't want to pay up?
Then don't.
Take the child support...
and let me throw her a birthday party too.
I'm her mother, aren't I?
Do Ah goes to daycare.
She started less than a month ago and she even has friends.
She eats well too and can gobble down a whole bowl...
of radish soup with rice.
She wasn't able to at first,
but now she can say something close to "Dad".
She can't say "Mom" though.
Shouldn't you ask how she's doing first?
If you're truly her mom, I mean.
"Is she sick?"
"Has she been eating well?"
"Does she sleep well at night?"
That's what you should ask first.
You're not Do Ah's mom.
I'll plan her first birthday party.
I'm fine now.
I came because I want to get along again.
I never stopped loving you.
You've never once not been selfish.
I was the idiot...
for dumping Ha Ri to choose you.
Is she getting between us?
No.
You got...
between Ha Ri and me.
There. That's refreshing, isn't it?
Are you done?
Give Do Ah to me, and eat.
It's okay. I'm still full from lunch.
- You eat. - Eat at least a little bit.
I'm okay. I'm going to rest.
Okay. Let's go night-night.
Even if they hate each other,
a baby should receive love from her mom.
Okay.
You look so pretty after washing up, Do Ah.
From whom did you get your pretty looks?
What? Daddy?
You're even going to daycare.
Thank you for growing up well...
although you're living with a dad like me.
We felt hopeless when we were all we had for each other.
Right?
But you learned how you just survive somehow, right?
So...
Daddy, Grandma, and Auntie Ha Ri...
will love you even more.
You'll be fine without a mom.
Let's do the best we can...
just the two of us, okay?
Okay?
Hello.
I'm here about the size for "Book and Book".
May I look at Ms. Jang's desk?
- Sure, go ahead. - Thank you.
Did the company decide on the size?
Rather than the previous size?
Yes. They said that they told Ms. Jang, but I don't see it.
Check her journal there.
Where is it?
She emailed it to me too.
I'll send it to you.
Sure.
Have a nice day.
Hey.
Guys, I have some good news.
Our regular readership went up by 0.1 percent.
It's probably the effect of Ms. Jang's column.
I have even better news.
What is it?
Are we getting a special incentive?
Yes, I'll give you a reward.
I'm quitting.
I'm going home.
Good night.
The words are flowing out.
(Emergency Room Spicy Rice Cakes)
It'll be too spicy for you.
- Whatever. I can handle it. - Sure.
- Hey. - Hello.
Were you craving something spicy too?
I love spicy rice cakes.
Why are you craving spicy food?
Who stressed you out?
Ms. Shim is resigning.
Why?
Ms. Shim is loyal.
It was only you guys who didn't know.
You knew because she was nice only to you.
I thought she hated only you.
Ha Ri, you must be upset.
Goodness. You're beet red.
This is perfect. It's deliciously spicy.
Gosh. What will you do once she's gone?
- Enjoy. - Bye.
- Good night. - Good night.
- It's so spicy. - Come on.
- If you can't handle it... - It's hot.
An order of the extra spicy rice cakes, please.
Please cancel that order.
- Let's eat it less spicy. - Okay.
I uploaded the b-cuts of yesterday's baby models.
Thank you.
That's in exchange for payment. The moms will love it.
It's so good.
- Good night. - Good night.
Good night.
It's so hot.
What's going on? Where is she going?
Goodness.
I Sang.
Bye...
What are you trying to pull?
I drew the line.
You shouldn't cross it.
Showing how you feel but not coming to me hurts more.
Don't confuse me anymore.
It didn't mean nothing to me.
It wasn't easy to stop.
I was...
rash.
Because there is no "next" for us?
I decided it wasn't right...
because of my own problem.
So I wish you wouldn't think it was your problem.
Since I can't take responsibility,
I thought it would be more considerate...
and thoughtful not to want more.
That's just how little you felt for me.
If it's better to quit cold turkey,
I'll try that.
I'm sorry.
If it's better to quit cold turkey,
I'll try that.
Ha Ri, did you find them all?
Yes, almost.
Who knew Ms. Shim would quit because of her baby?
I don't think I could handle it if my baby were sick.
No matter how you look at it, I was smart not to have kids.
- Yeon Ho? - Yes?
Do you think you'll never change your mind?
We're living happy, fun lives, just the two of us.
I don't want to sacrifice my life for a baby.
But realistically speaking, money is the biggest problem.
We need to pay for their tuition until they graduate college,
pay for their wedding,
and we'll grow old while trying to help them buy a house.
Then we'll never be able to enjoy our lives.
We both don't want children,
so telling us to have a baby is the same thing as verbal violence.
I guess you're right. You do have a point.
How is your project going?
Why don't you just marry that guy?
That's nonsense.
Now that he's offering to give it to me, it's kind of scary.
I also feel a bit sorry.
I don't know if it's because he's young,
but he's so slow-witted. He's just always so happy.
What? Are you talking about Eu Ddeum?
You're so quick-witted. Make sure you keep it a secret.
I thought it was Mr. Han.
No, it's not him.
Eu Ddeum is too young.
I'm just too old.
I never knew I'd be so sad about my age.
I don't know why I feel this way anymore.
I don't know what to say to Eu Ddeum either.
What?
What am I going to do?
Okay.
Cheers.
I get what you mean.
My gosh, this tastes great.
It's been ages since we drank.
- Cheers. - It's delicious.
We haven't gathered in ages.
Attention, everyone.
Do you all know why we're here?
- To throw a farewell party... - For Ms. Shim!
Yes, you guys are so thrilled.
You must feel really upset to see how thrilled they are.
Let's hear her say her last words before she leaves.
Do you want me to take back my resignation letter?
We'll skip that. Okay then.
We prepared a huge gift for you...
to wish you a happy farewell.
Okay, bring the gift.
Go and get it.
- Go on. - Come on, Ms. Shim.
- Gosh, do I have to? - Go on.
Come on.
We gathered all the articles you wrote.
You can use it as a portfolio for your next job interview.
Thank you.
What's with the mood?
Sing.
- Sing. - Sing.
That's enough.
We don't get to do this that often.
My goodness.
Drink up.
Let's ask I Sang.
Okay, great.
- Let's drink. - Here.
Let's start today.
Gosh, stop it.
You need to pull it out.
I won't go.
Whoever goes home first will be considered a traitor.
Let's go to a karaoke room.
No, I can't sing.
My gosh, that's enough.
Stop.
Let's go home after this.
Gosh, no way.
This is enough.
Let's just call it a day.
Don't even think of going home.
I knew you'd be here.
Why are you packing your stuff in the middle of a farewell party?
Because I don't want to come to work tomorrow.
You're not going to say goodbye just because you're embarrassed?
You should come tomorrow. Let's eat lunch together.
And let us see you off.
Gosh, I can't be bothered.
Just go take care of the others. They're all drunk.
No, I'm going to take care of you.
You're too nice.
Don't be kind to everyone once you become the editor-in-chief.
You need to be harsh whenever it's necessary.
I wonder if they'll ever give me that position.
If they don't, let me know. I'll come back with my baby.
It feels like you really mean it.
- Aren't you coming? - Okay.
Wait for me.
Hurry up.
Are you really going to leave?
You should at least say goodbye. It's your last time.
And do what? Hug everyone and cry?
It'll be embarrassing when we meet again.
You're right. It'll be really embarrassing.
- My gosh, Ms. Shim. - Hey.
I might hit you.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you so much.
Me too.
Thank you for everything.
Did you call for a chauffeur service?
- Yes. - My gosh.
You're so harsh.
My gosh, let's go.
My goodness.
- Let's go! - Come on!
Let's drink some more!
Come on! Let's go for a drink!
Let's drink more!
- Come on. - Let's go for a second round.
Let's drink some more.
Go home.
Just go home.
- Stop it. - Just get in the car.
- My gosh. - You guys should go.
I'll take care of them.
- You should go. - Okay, bye!
- Bye! - Bye!
Let's go for another round!
- Come on! - I need to get some rest.
Are we going for a second round?
Just get in the car.
My gosh.
- That's not the door. - My goodness.
- Let's go. - Wait here.
Sir, get in.
- Get in the car. - Okay.
Eu Ddeum, wake up.
Get up.
Ms. Jang, I need to talk to you.
Eu Ddeum, wake up. Are you okay?
Ms. Jang, I'll take care of him.
You should go home.
No, I'll deal with him. You should go and help them.
Sir! Help!
I need to talk to Ms. Jang.
- I'll take care of him. - Will you stop?
Ms. Jang, you see...
- I have something to confess. - Eu Ddeum.
Do you recognize me?
- You're my aunt. - What?
You're Ms. Jang.
Okay, stay focused. Come here. Let's go.
- Okay, fine. - My gosh.
- This isn't my car. - It's okay.
Hey, I called a cab for him.
We're going to wait over there. Make sure they go home, okay?
- Okay. - Just get in the car.
- No, I don't want to get in. - You need to get in the car.
This car will take you to the second round.
- But it's not my car. - There you go.
- My car is white. - You're headed to the next round.
- I have something to tell you. - Eu Ddeum.
- Why won't you listen? - Sit down.
My goodness.
Gosh, this is crazy.
Start driving.
I know how you feel.
You should've told me. You must've had such a hard time.
I'm 12 years younger than you.
Why do you keep aging?
What? Has he lost his mind?
You don't need to worry anymore.
I've made up my mind.
Why isn't the cab here yet?
That's not important right now.
Gosh, I'm a complete mess.
Is it because you want to impress me?
My gosh.
I also want to impress you, Ms. Jang.
My goodness.
What's taking the cab so long?
(We thank Jeon Hye Bin for her special appearance.)
(Oh My Baby)
I think I have feelings for Ms. Jang.
I was hoping to ask you two for advice.
We're something like allies, right?
No, we're not.
Actually, go for it.
How dare he kiss me without my permission.
I haven't been kissed for 10 years!
Why does it feel like it's been less than 10?
I think I remember what happened.
Do you actually see me in a romantic way?
All I have for you...
are romantic feelings.